The lipstick was a vibrant, fiery red.
Coated in a glossy sheen, the lipstick seemed almost liquid.
The lipstick sat pristine in its square, black tube, untouched.
The pale pink lipstick had a pearlescent shimmer when held in the light.
Thick and creamy, the lipstick looked almost edible.
The lipstick had a half completed twist, exposing its rich, maroon hue.
The coral lipstick had a tropical brightness to it.
The lipstick left a faint, ruby-colored smear on the glass it touched.
Scarlet and bold, the lipstick demanded attention.
The lipstick had begun to melt slightly, creating a satin-like texture.
A faint trace of golden glitter spangled the burgundy lipstick.
The lipstick was a cool lavender shade, bold and unconventional.
The lipstick had a vanilla scent and a candy-pink hue.
She held the lipstick, its bold orange color seeming to glow against her skin.
The lipstick tube was a sleek silver, elegant and understated.
Heavy and smooth in her hand, the lipstick’s golden container was nearly as beautiful as its contents.
The lipstick was a romantic shade of soft rose, as delicate as a flower petal.
Glistening with moisture, the lipstick had a lustrous metallic finish. 
The lipstick had a smooth, straight cut, showing it had never been used.
The lipstick had been carelessly left uncapped, starting to form a dry crust.
The vibrant red lipstick contrasts perfectly with her white teeth.
This lipstick has a velvety matte finish that stays put all day.
Her lipstick sparkles in the dim light, revealing tiny flecks of gold.
The lipstick lays comfortably on the lips, evenly distributing a dark maroon shade.
She smiled, her lipstick leaving a smudge on her coffee cup.
His eyes were drawn immediately to her intensely orange lipstick.
Her lipstick is the color of ripe strawberries in the summertime.
Running her thumb across the lipstick, she marveled at its smooth surface.
In the tube, the lipstick was a perfect cylinder of glossy pink.
The lipstick left a vivid, ruby red stain on her lower lip.
The coral shade of her lipstick coordinated perfectly with her flush cheeks.
Her lipstick was a vibrant plum shade, bold and beautiful.
The lipstick held an alluring hue, shimmering with a soft satin finish.
Her lipstick has a creamy texture and boasts a rich pastel pink colour.
A mix of merlot and cherry, her lipstick had a captivating, sultry shade.
The lipstick was a muted nude color, perfect for a natural look.
The lipstick was a chameleon, changing from orange to pink with the light's angle.
The woman's lipstick shimmered with small, silver specks under the pale nightclub lights.
On closer inspection, the lipstick had the consistency of whipped butter.
Checking her reflection, she noticed a smear of burgundy lipstick on her teeth.
The lipstick bore a dark, rich red hue.
Shimmering in the light, the silver lipstick tube looked exceptionally plush and expensive.
The lipstick left an immaculate, perfectly shaped mark on the glass.
Specks of gold shimmered in the burgundy lipstick.
The used lipstick had lost its perfectly pointed tip, now shaped like a dull hill.
The hot pink lipstick stood out flamboyantly in the array of cosmetics.
Swiped across white paper, the lipstick left a swathe of intense vermilion color.
Her lipstick was a matte finish, beautiful in its simplicity and elegance.
The lipstick appeared almost black in the dim light, the vampiric color intriguing and mysterious.
A rogue smudge of lipstick marred the otherwise pristine mirror.
The radiant coral shade of her lipstick brightened up her entire face.
The lipstick was housed in a sleek, pearl white case that felt cool to the touch.
Its bright magenta shade made the lipstick stand out upon the cluttered vanity.
The lipstick was a brilliant ruby red, glimmering with pure, unadulterated glamour.
She selected a lipstick that was a harmonious blend of peach and pink.
A deep maroon lipstick was juxtaposed elegantly against her pale skin.
Her lipstick was a classic cherry red, providing a vintage appeal in all its glory.
A slight shimmer graced the dark burgundy lipstick, making it dazzle under the light.
Leaving a trail of mauve hues behind, the lipstick was a model of sophistication.
Sharply angled in the black container, the lipstick possessed an intense slate grey color.